So let us now go back
to our quiz document.
Yeah, and in the next TODOs,
TODOs four and
five we have some comments asking us
to declare a couple of functions.
So these are gonna ask us to do something
that maybe we haven't tried doing before,
which is to disable or
enable a button element.
And button elements in HTML
have an attribute that can
have an attribute called disabled,
which if it is set disables the button.
And then we're also going to declare
a function called isCorrect,
which is gonna take in a guess string.
And it's going to compare
that to the correct answer
which you declared in your fact object and
it's going to tell us whether
that guess is the correct answer.
Cool, so
these are the functions that we're
gonna write in our quiz HTML document.
This is kind of a tricky one
because I teed you up for
something new that we
haven't talked about before.
But this is because I have such confidence
in your investigative powers of figuring
out how to do new stuff with for example
the help of our friend MDN perhaps.